Textos

Robot

i woke up at the hall there was a sign on the door there it said computer science department, after that i wanted to walk towards the office of ernesto but couldn't, after that i walked towards the office of ivan to a desk there it said sofa: random forests regression for the semantic textual similarity task i took a bottle then i moved to a desk i leaved the bottle i noticed a cluttered desk with a laptop there it said sausenc &aceta para consejoros - aso, afterwards i moved to the meeting room to a table i saw a man standing in a room then i went to a door there it said golem, after that i moved to the laboratory to a desk i noticed a desk with a computer and a chair afterwards i finished

Sujeto uno: le tocó a mayra, orden: humano - robot

well i started the tour almost at the entrance of the department, where there was a sign saying computer science department. after i moved to the cubicle of dr. bribiesca but the door was locked, so i couldn't do the activity i was asked to do. then i went to ivan’s cubicle and when i found the point i read the poster, it was about random forest regression for word alignment with semantic similarity, as i understood. then i turned to go to ivan’s desk and what was was on ivan’s desk was a laptop, a computer, a monitor, many paper sheets, a backpack, a cup, a little metal sheep, several things like cables and so on. i went out and walked into the meeting room, in the meeting room there was ivan pointing at the projector screen. as it was busy, i noticed who was it or who was using the meeting room and it said golem project from 4 to 5 if i remember correctly. then i left and went into the lab. 

Sujeto dos: le tocó a ricardo, orden: humano - robot

first i went past the bathroom, i saw the sign saying that it was the computer science department and the range of cubicles in the department. then i went to ernesto bribiesca’s cubicle, it was shut so i couldn’t pick up the water nor move the bottle. after that i got into ivan meza’s cubicle, i read the sopa poster and i took the water that was on the desk, i left it again and i saw on the desktop a computer with keyboard, mouse, a portrait, speakers. after that i  went to the meeting room, where i found one person presenting, the room was busy, there was a golem’s project meeting, and finally i got to the lab.

Sujeto tres: le toco a gibran, orden: robot - humnao


where was i? i was in ivan’s cubicle, i was visiting different points, the first one was at the computer science department sign. then i couldn't get into ernesto bribiesca’s cubicle because it was closed and obviously i couldn't move the bottle. then i went into the office but  this time it was ivan’s, but as it was open i couldn't know exactly if it was ivan’s, i knew it because ivan’s was there. i read the poster, i couldn't understand much of the poster, i needed like more time to analyze it, but it was something that had to do with how similar is a text based on its semantic aspect. i took jorge’s water bottle and i left it on ivan’s, what was on the desk was ivan’s computer, there was his cell phone, the email that was in ivan’s computer, i think it was about being told that they had accepted his paper. then i went to the meeting room and what i saw was that it was a meeting of the golem group, there was ivan pointing out something on the board. then i saw that the meeting room was busy, but then i realized that there was a golem meeting. then i got to the lab. 

Sujeto 4: le tocó a rodrígo, orden humano - robot

first i went to point 1, there was a sign saying computer science department. then what did i do? ah, the i went to ernesto bribiesca’s cubicle and i couldn’t got in because it wasn’t open, i knocked and it wasn't open neither. then i went to ivan’s office and i read a poster talking about a model to find semantic textual similarity and well, it said that they did it with a neural network or something like that, something about forest, i don’t remember what is it, and everything was ok with their experiment and well, basically that’s it. they did it with a french university and that’s all i can remember. then i went to the desk, no, i took the water bottle which was on the desk under the poster and i went to ivan’s desk which is right around where the glass of water was, or rather behind where the glass of water was, and then i saw a computer, a laptop that had linux, there was code in the laptop and a paper on the right and there was a mouse on the desk, a keyboard no one is using, a samsung monitor, several papers and that’s all i can remember there. and then i left and i went to the next point which is the meeting room and the point 6 was on the table of the meeting room, it was a long, oval table and ivan was pointing out something on the board and then it said that if the meeting room was empty then i had to check, oh i’m sorry, if the meeting room was full i had to check what the meeting was about and the meeting said golem from 5 to 7pm. an then it said that i should come to the lab, so i came. 

Sujeto 5: le toco a Cynthia, orden humano -robot 

on the first point, where the list tells me to stop, i saw an sign in english saying computer science department, it had an error… i think it was a spelling error. hence i turned around and look for a door that had the number 2, i knocked, i tried to open it, i couldn’t, i tried to knock and see if someone opened it, i wait a bit, i heard nothing, no one opened, so i left. i went into ivan’s office, i saw the poster on the wall, i saw what was about, i read something about a random forest regression, a method they tried to use for a task of i don’t know if it’s like semantic textual similarity. it was a bit long, then i read like the titles which are bigger and i saw that they tried different proposals, i believe there was one which was better, i think it was the random forest one over another they tried to do another year. they tried to use, i didn’t read well, but i think it was a corpus, a format, a corpus processing but they didn’t see it was useful so they are just trying, they will see how they can use what they learned in 2015, which i think was what they did that year. then i noticed the desk under it, i took the bottle and i looked for the other desk, then i turned around and i saw the other number, then i knew that i had to put it there, i saw what was on the desk, i saw it was a little messy, i saw many cables, a computer was on, a telephone, a lot of papers. and then i went out, looked for the next number, i walked into the meeting room and and as i entered and turned forward i saw ivan pointing out to a corner of the board. then it said that if the meeting room was busy, then i should look what whas in the, what was the meeting about, and as i had seen ivan, i assumed that the room was busy, then i saw a sign saying golem group from 4 to 5pm, so afterwards i no longer checked the timetable, i assumed it was at that time, then i came here, to the workshop. 
